welcome to this edition of out and about
with TNT we are here in my old stomping
grounds for awkward Falls Minnesota I
was born here in fur balls I have lived
in redwood County Myrtle entire life I
don't believe that i've ever missed one
year of the fairest it's really special
for that you guys are able to join me
here I can show you a little bit about
where I grew up turtle and are you
mental hurdle I think he's bored turtle
actually they're tortoises I didn't know
you had tortoises in Minnesota I thought
that'd be illegal so he's so what's the
difference between a turtle and
replenish tortoises live in Minnesota
and turtles live in South Dakota I guess
anyway but I don't know what they need
some lotion I'm voice it I don't know if
we're going to see anything else that's
a fair because the first thing we came
to is this animal pin it shows all the
indigenous animals of Minnesota's let's
go look at some more
I can't believe it you guys got
kangaroos in Minnesota got all we got a
sheep in South Dakota man you're so
lucky bears in the other one leg David
on road Terry all right one of these
horses I want to go yeah hey can I ride
one of these specific good roads I'm a
big kid although my daughter ball wit
women
I'm sorry
maybe if I went like to the bathroom
first and threw up and stuff may have a
bit
fans of you kill hot theory I think you
really got screwed here Thank You needs
his money back flat sure
what's wrong with you I don't see
anything wrong with it hey bear
everybody i just want to show you that i
finally found somebody whose heads
bigger than mine so how do you play this
game but you do a solid aren't the booms
godard up balloons yep
touch that touch them
cool do it again
all right guys moisturizer we take which
one this one this one this one seriously
like what if I wet my pants I just
follow what I just watched role in my
pal
like she's not busy enough already
why am i holding your micro
I feel like Herman Munster I don't fit
well that'll wrap it up here at where we
at again we are in okay stop talking
and if you want us to come to your van
Terry tell them what they got to do
and the next bend
you're like a caminar
see you go